class6.md, before:

# Class 6 Reading Notes

_This class focused on javascript and how it can add functionality and user interation on our webpage._
  ***

- **What is Javascript**
    - In this lesson we learned that javascript is a coding language that can add a lot of functionality to our webpage.  It makes it so that a user can interact with elements on the page and things start to happen.  User inputs become possible, and we can take those user inputs and do things with them.  For example, we can ask the user for their name and then display that name somewhere on the website.  In essense, javascript is where the magic begins to happen with a website.  It's also worth noting that javascript is very similar to algebra.

- **Related to algebra**
  - "=" means assigning something to a variable
  - "==" menas that something is equal to something
  - "===" menas that something STRICTLY EQUALS something
  - 5 is a number
  - "5" is a string
  - 5 == "5" TRUE
  - 5 === "5" FALSE

- **What can we use javascript for**
  - We learned that we can use javascript for lots of interactive things such as:
    - Creating video games
    - creating input and outputs
    - Setting up arrays to list things
    - You can pretty much do anything except write an operating system

- **Some thoughts on the video: How Computers Work**
  - The video series was intersting and my take away was that computers have always done 4 basic things
    - INPUT
      - Inputs can be a multitue of things from keyboards, mouse, touch screens, forms, pretty much any way we can interact with technology to get it to do something
    - STORAGE
      - The computer takes all of our inputs and stores it in its memory so that it can do something with the date, convert it 1's and 0's, on/off, true/false
    - PROCESSING
      - The computer then processes all the data to do things like math calculations, show pictures and videos, play sounds, games, word processing, etc.
    - OUTPUT
      - This is the end result so it could be a video we are trying to view, or program we are tyring to use.  It could also be something physical we are tyring to create like with a 3d printer.


- **References**
  - [Youtube video on how I made my movie form](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdI2bqOjy3c)
  - [Website used to reference time of day greeting javascript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/tryit.asp?filename=tryjs_elseif)
  - [Reference website for javascript prompts](https://code-maven.com/javascript-input-with-prompt-and-confirm)
  - [Javascript reference website](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
  - [How Computers Work Video Series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzdnOPI1iJNcsRwJhvksEo1tJqjIqWbN-)


## Navigation

- [Home](https://mtorres6739.github.io/reading-notes)
- [Growth Mindset](growthMindset)
- [Class 1 Notes](class1)
- [Class 2 Notes](class2)
- [Class 3 Notes](class3)
- [Class 4 Notes](class4)
- [Class 5 Notes](class5)
- [Class 6 Notes](class6)
- [GitHub Portfolio](https://github.com/mtorres6739)

Commit message:

added class 8 and 9 reading notes

class6.md, after:

# Class 6 Reading Notes

_This class focused on javascript and how it can add functionality and user interation on our webpage._
  ***

- **What is Javascript**
  - In this lesson we learned that javascript is a coding language that can add a lot of functionality to our webpage.  It makes it so that a user can interact with elements on the page and things start to happen.  User inputs become possible, and we can take those user inputs and do things with them.  For example, we can ask the user for their name and then display that name somewhere on the website.  In essense, javascript is where the magic begins to happen with a website.  It's also worth noting that javascript is very similar to algebra.

- **Related to algebra**
  - "=" means assigning something to a variable
  - "==" menas that something is equal to something
  - "===" menas that something STRICTLY EQUALS something
  - 5 is a number
  - "5" is a string
  - 5 == "5" TRUE
  - 5 === "5" FALSE

- **What can we use javascript for**
  - We learned that we can use javascript for lots of interactive things such as:
    - Creating video games
    - creating input and outputs
    - Setting up arrays to list things
    - You can pretty much do anything except write an operating system

- **Some thoughts on the video: How Computers Work**
  - The video series was intersting and my take away was that computers have always done 4 basic things
    - INPUT
      - Inputs can be a multitue of things from keyboards, mouse, touch screens, forms, pretty much any way we can interact with technology to get it to do something
    - STORAGE
      - The computer takes all of our inputs and stores it in its memory so that it can do something with the date, convert it 1's and 0's, on/off, true/false
    - PROCESSING
      - The computer then processes all the data to do things like math calculations, show pictures and videos, play sounds, games, word processing, etc.
    - OUTPUT
      - This is the end result so it could be a video we are trying to view, or program we are tyring to use.  It could also be something physical we are tyring to create like with a 3d printer.

- **References**
  - [Youtube video on how I made my movie form](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdI2bqOjy3c)
  - [Website used to reference time of day greeting javascript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/tryit.asp?filename=tryjs_elseif)
  - [Reference website for javascript prompts](https://code-maven.com/javascript-input-with-prompt-and-confirm)
  - [Javascript reference website](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
  - [How Computers Work Video Series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzdnOPI1iJNcsRwJhvksEo1tJqjIqWbN-)
  - [Accessing HTML elements](https://www.mikedane.com/web-development/javascript/accessing-html-elements/)

## Navigation

- [Home](https://mtorres6739.github.io/reading-notes)
- [Growth Mindset](growthMindset)
- [Class 1 Notes](class1)
- [Class 2 Notes](class2)
- [Class 3 Notes](class3)
- [Class 4 Notes](class4)
- [Class 5 Notes](class5)
- [Class 6 Notes](class6)
- [Class 7 Notes](class7)
- [Class 8 Notes](class8)
- [GitHub Portfolio](https://github.com/mtorres6739)
