README.md, before:

[Topic Summary](https://mtorres6739.github.io/reading-notes/topicsummary.html)

# This is my reading notes repo!

_My name is Mathew and love sci-fi!_

## About Mathew

![This is a picture of Mathew](https://i.ibb.co/RYF2zv7/Mathew-Torres-web.jpg)


Hi, my name is Mathew Torres (he/him) and I live in Phoenix, AZ.  Arizona is weird when it comes to time zones.  We associate with Mountain Standard Time, but since we don't follow daylight savings time, our time is the same as pacific during daylight savings time.
I am in the Army National Guard. My current MOS is 46A, public affairs officer, my basic branch is signal and was first commissioned in 2015 as a 25A, signal officer.  I originally enlisted in 2011 as a 42A, human resources specialist.
My civilian career has primarily been sales and marketing.  I was most recently working in insurance and real estate.
I'm currently running on macOS Monterey version 12.5,
I have dabbled with web design since I was in high school back in 99, but never really made a push to make it a career, until now.  I'm really excited to go all in and make a life change with tech.

## My Growth Mindset

I am always on a quest to learn something new and more of what I already think I know.  I always find there is more to understand.  I also don't give up until I understand something and I love it when I finally figure something out and it just works.  I also like to work with other people and bounce ideas off eachother.  When I'm in a team, for some reason, thinks seem to happen quicker when you have multiple minds thinking out loud.

> _“Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.”_ - Napoleon Hill 

### 3 reminders for growth mindset:

* I am not going to know everything, but I can try to learn as much as I can.
* Beleive in yourself and great things will happen.
* Ask for help - no shame in getting help! (don't be stubborn, Mathew)

Link to my github portfolio: [https://github.com/mtorres6739](https://github.com/mtorres6739)

Commit message:

Made changes to README and added class notes pages

README.md, after:

# My Reading Notes Repo

## About Me

![This is a picture of Mathew](https://i.ibb.co/RYF2zv7/Mathew-Torres-web.jpg)

_My name is Mathew Torres and love sci-fi!_

> Hi, my name is Mathew Torres (he/him) and I live in Phoenix, AZ.  Arizona is weird when it comes to time zones.  We associate with Mountain Standard Time, but since we don't follow daylight savings time, our time is the same as pacific during daylight savings time.
I am in the Army National Guard. My current MOS is 46A, public affairs officer, my basic branch is signal and was first commissioned in 2015 as a 25A, signal officer.  I originally enlisted in 2011 as a 42A, human resources specialist.
My civilian career has primarily been sales and marketing.  I was most recently working in insurance and real estate.
I'm currently running on macOS Monterey version 12.5,
I have dabbled with web design since I was in high school back in 99, but never really made a push to make it a career, until now.  I'm really excited to go all in and make a life change with tech.

***

## Table of Contents

- [Growth Mindset](growthMindset)
- [Class 1 Notes](class1)
- [Class 2 Notes](class2)
- [Class 3 Notes](class3)
- [GitHub Portfolio](https://github.com/mtorres6739)
